---
title: Privacy Notice
---

**Introduction to this Privacy Notice**  
The New Jersey Office of Innovation (“InnovateNJ” "we", "us", "our") cares about your privacy and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, disclose, and otherwise use ("Process") your information. This Information Collection Statement describes our practices in connection with the information we collect through this Office of Innovation website ("Website"). Please read the following to learn more about our privacy practices.

**Definition of Personal Information**  
For purposes of this Information Collection Statement, "Personal Information" means any information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity, either alone or when combined with other personal or identifying information that is linked or linkable to a specific individual.

**What We Collect**  
In providing you the content on this Website, we do not collect any personal information. We may collect information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you:

- Contact us with a question or request
- Submit a question, comment, or complaint
- Ask to be added to the mailing list

We use that information solely for the purpose of responding to your request. We take reasonable steps to protect the information you provide us from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction. Unfortunately, no security system is 100% secure; thus, we cannot ensure the security of all information you provide to us via our services. For more information on how we secure your personal information, please visit [https://www.cyber.nj.gov/.](https://www.cyber.nj.gov/)

Other information we may collect about you:

- **Cookies:** Our services may use “cookies” and similar technologies (collectively, "Cookies"). Cookies are small text files that this website sends to your computer for record-keeping purposes and this information is stored in a file on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies make web surfing and browsing easier for you by saving your preferences so that we can use these to improve your next visit to our website.

  - One of the purposes of cookies is to simplify the use of the website. A cookie may save a user’s login details for example, so that the user does not need to login every time.
  - Cookies are also used for statistical purposes, to determine how the website is used.

- **Google Analytics:** We may use Google Analytics to help us get a better understanding of how visitors use this website. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie, about your use of this website, is transmitted to and stored by Google. If you do not want your activity on this website to be tracked by Google Analytics, you may opt out by using this link: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en)

- **Other Non-Personal Information:** In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to provide to us on our services, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies, now and hereafter devised, that automatically collect certain website usage information whenever you visit or interact with our services. This information may include browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, the source of the request, the preceding page view, and other similar information. We may use this usage information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance or otherwise improve our services. In addition, we may also collect your IP address or some other unique identifier for the particular device you use to access the Internet, as applicable (collectively, referred to herein as a "Device Identifier"). A device identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device, and we may identify your device by its device identifier. When analyzed, usage information helps us determine how our services are used, such as what types of visitors arrive at the services, what type of content is most popular, what type of content you may find most relevant and what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising. We may associate your device identifier or website usage information with the personal information you provide, but we will treat the combined information as personal information.

This site provides links to other websites as a convenience to you. These include links to websites operated by third-party government agencies, nonprofit organizations, universities and private businesses. When you use one of these links, you are no longer on this site, and this Information Collection Statement does not apply. When you link to another website, you are subject to the privacy notice and information collection practices of that site. Any visitor who proceeds to those external sites and relies on any information obtained from them does so at his or her own risk and assumes any and all liability from damages which may result from accessing a third-party site linked to from the State's website.

We exercise no control over the third-party organization's views, accuracy, copyright or trademark compliance, or the legality of the material contained on those websites, and do not sponsor, endorse, or approve the information, content, products, materials, opinions or services contained on such external sites.

Furthermore, when you follow a link to another website, portions of their information may be incorrect or out-of-date. InnovateNJ does not warrant the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published by external sites.

**Contact Information**  
If after reviewing this Information Collection Statement, you have any questions, complaints or privacy concerns, or would like to make any requests in relation to your personal information, or obtain further information on safeguards, please send an email to [team@innovation.nj.gov](mailto:team@innovation.nj.gov)

**Copyright Notice**  
Except where otherwise noted, third-party content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.

**DMCA Notice**  
InnovateNJ respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask users of our Web sites to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, if you believe your copyright has been infringed please email us at: [team@innovation.nj.gov.](mailto:team@innovation.nj.gov)  
To be an effective notice under Section 512(c) of the DMCA your written notice must include all of the following:

- A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
- Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
- Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Rackspace to locate the material;
- Information reasonably sufficient to permit Rackspace to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address;
- A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
- A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
