---
image: /assets/images/team/
title: Bea Reaud
---
Dr. Beatrice Reaud joins the Office of Innovation as Finance Director, where she oversees the office's financial operations, supports the team, manages relationships with institutional funders, and advises the chief of staff on organizational governance.  She brings over twenty years of experience at federal, state, and local levels, working in academia and with the non-profit community, starting her career as a grant writer for eleven childcare centers in public housing communities in Boston.

Bea previously led a team supporting technology, strategic communications, programmatic risk assessment and mitigation globally at the U.S. Agency for International Development. Dr. Reaud has worked overseas, managing elections and civil society programs. Prior to her time overseas, she managed teams administering programs in East and West Africa regions. She has also served as a senior coordinator at the Office of Foreign Assistance Resources within the U.S. Department of State focusing on budget formulation and execution of cross-sectoral programming across the African continent. Dr. Reaud spent several years working in a variety of roles under two administrations at the White House Office of Management and Budget managing economic development, trade and health care budgets. Bea began her federal career with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development working on implementing tax incentives and economic development programs in cities throughout the U.S.

Dr. Reaud was a 2022-2023 MIT Seminar XXI fellow, a National Urban Fellow, and held fellowships with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute and Boren National Security Education Program. Dr. Reaud has a master’s in public administration from Baruch College, City University of New York and a Ph.D. in international relations from the School of International Service, American University in Washington, D.C. Bea was born and raised in New Jersey.
