---
title: Mike Flowers
image: /assets/images/team/mike.jpg
---

Mike Flowers supports the Office of Innovation’s efforts to leverage data intelligence and infrastructure to “de-silo” government operations. During the COVID-19 pandemic, he has worked across State government partners to stand up technology and logistics capacity for contact tracing, exposure notification and vaccine distribution, and on small business recovery and regulatory innovation.

Mike previously served as New York City’s first Chief Analytics Officer, under Mayor Mike Bloomberg. In this role, he founded the Mayor’s Office of Data Analytics, a groundbreaking initiative that leveraged data to make better decisions in government policy and operations. He also New York City’s first citywide analytics platform, and ran the city’s internationally recognized Open Data initiative. After leaving government in 2014, Mike served as the chief analytics officer at tech start up Enigma Technologies in New York City, was the inaugural Macarthur Urban Science Fellow at NYU’s Center for Urban Science and Progress, the inaugural What Works Cities Fellow, and continues to advise governments and companies around the world on establishing effective, transparent and accountable data intelligence infrastructures and policies. Most recently, Mike advised both the Biden-Harris and Bloomberg 2020 presidential campaigns on technology and government reform, and in March 2020 joined US Digital Response, a volunteer-led group of technologists and government experts providing support to state and local governments and nonprofits in their response to the pandemic.

Mike also served as counsel to the U.S. Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, was the deputy director of the Department of Justice’s Regime Crimes Liaison’s Office in Iraq, and worked with Williams & Connolly LLP in Washington D.C. He started his career with a clerkship in the federal district court in Philadelphia, and then served as a prosecutor with the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office. Throughout his career, Mike was twice recognized by the Obama White House, and has received numerous other awards and recognitions across the globe.
